This project is a modernization of W. Stephen Woodward's vector anemometer, 
detailed in the September 1997 issue of EDN (pp. 114-115, scanned copy found in 
the Doc directory of this repo). This modernization is specifically aimed at 
the small-boat sailing community, but should be able to be easily adapted for 
any wind monitoring project with little effort.

The system will consist of a faithful reproduction of W. Stephen Woodward's 
analog vector anemometer as a masthead wind sensor, with the addition of a 
small microcontroller to read the frequency-based data produced by the circuit. 
The data will be displayed by a series of PWM-dimmable 7-segment displays 
powered by a more powerful microcontroller, placed somewhere in the boat's 
cockpit and connected to the masthead sensor via UART, SPI, or I2C (TBD).

An eventual goal of this project is to allow NMEA 183 passthrough, taking a GPS 
on RS232, displaying select information on the cockpit displays, and injecting 
wind data into the NMEA sentences. An RS232 port will then feed the resulting 
NMEA sentences to a PC host for logging with the aim at automatic creation of 
vehicle polar plots. Alternatively, if budget allows, the system could log such 
data to SD card.

With reference to this repo, the Doc directory contains all relevant 
documentation for the project, including the project BOM, source material, 
notes, and diagrams. Eventually, installation notes and code reference manuals 
will be posted there as well.

The CAD directory will contain any physical CAD drawings, for suggested cases 
and mounting brackets.

The ECAD directory contains all electrical CAD drawings, created using EAGLE 
6.0 or better.

The Code directory contains all relevant code for the system, including a 
formatted version of W. Stephen Woodward's original GW-BASIC code.
